title: AITAH for standing my ground against one of my friends for telling me to be quiet?

Last week I was in a Discord call with a few friends of mine. We were just chilling and also doing a bit of schoolwork. Everyone was talking over each other, and I was working on a project with one person in the call while the other two were gaming. So basically, everyone was just talking and cracking jokes every no an then.

At one point, one of them (I’ll call this person Jason) wanted to ask a question to Rico another person in the call). I didn’t know that because everyone was talking, and I was in a conversation with Evan. Suddenly, Jason said to me in an aggressive tone, “Can you stop talking?” because he wanted to ask Rico a question. I was surprised, because literally everyone was talking, but he only told me to stop talking so he could ask his question. Of course I didn’t stop talking and told Jason that he was being really aggressive toward me.

Then Jason said “shut your mouth” and “stfu.” That made me even less willing to stop talking, because now he was being openly disrespectful towards me. Then he server-muted me because he’s the server owner. In response, I server-muted him back because I’m an admin. After that, he removed my admin role, unmuted himself, and about 10 minutes later, he unmuted me and gave me my admin rights back.

At that point, I wasn’t talking anymore, but Jason and Rico were to each other (and at this point Evan was no longer present but was still in the call muted.) Later, Jason asked me something, and I said that I didn’t want to talk to him. Jason and Rico made me feel like I was overreacting. I asked Rico if he wouldn’t react the same way, and he said that he doesn’t think it’s “that deep.” I replied, “Yeah, because you’re a p*ssy,” because I honestly can’t imagine letting someone treat you like that without standing up for yourself.

After that, they both stopped talking to me, and I haven’t spoken to them since.

Am I wrong for acting the way I did?