AITA if I stop sleeping with my husband?

Hi all, I know the title sounds bad but please hear me out. I recently got married in June, yay, however it's not like I expected, I know that should be obvious. But the issue is our bedroom life. Before we got married, we were active every week for two years, a little tmi but thats when he took my virginity. Since we've been married since June, the first week we were doing it every day, and then all of a sudden he didnt want to anymore, no problem we can lessen it. However, every time I try to make an advancement with him, he casually flips on or rolls onto his stomach. I've brought this up to him cause it lowkey kind of hurt being rejected, especially when he doesnt even say anything. He said he'll get better, but it's always the same, I try one day and he rolls over. I don't even know what happened, we were so active when dating, I dont know why it just vanished literally all of a sudden. I've talked to him many times and he just says he wasnt in the mood, but then I ask him why he doesnt just tell me cause its more insulting and hurtful when he literally rolls over in bed away from me. Well for a few weeks now, I've gotten use to not initiating until he does the one random weekend day, however it never feels sexy or fun. It just feels bland and plain cause he starts just touching and then we do it and then its over, and sometimes he won't finish me off, most of the time he does though. Well this morning, I felt a little extra so despite what I know, I decided to try initiate, and then after a few minutes of me kissing his forehead and warming him up, he rolls over onto his stomach. At this point I got tears in my eyes, so I roll over too cause I don't even know what to say. He rolls over and starts hugging me a few minutes later until he gets up to make breakfast. This time I didn't join him, I spent the hour in our room crying to myself and watching TikTok. He comes back into the room to get his clothes for work and asks if I'm ok and I told him how I felt, and he just says yea its cause of my knee (he had surgery on his acl several years ago but that ligament never healed right so it pops out often and causes him mild pain). And then he was being more rushed and saying he's late for work, he wasn't cause I know what time he leaves, and is out the door. I cried again and then I sent him a message saying I'm done initiating with him and that in the future if he has that rare urge that he can go back to porn and his hand cause my self esteem cant take any more rejections. Since June when we got married, I want to say we've only done it around 15-20 times as its not often he initiates either. I just dont know why his drive was so high before marriage and now its rare after marriage. But am I the asshole for what I said?