Title: AITA for cutting a friend out of my life for their constant boasting?

Hi there, M 40s. I recently had to bring up a lot of concerns with a (probably now) ex friend of mine. Here are the details.

I've known this individual for several years, since we were literally four. I always got some kind of vibe from him that wasn't right, but we became good friends throughout several years. We'd drink together, stay up playing video games, and call each other once in awhile.

Some time in college years I started to recognize that his personality towards me started to change. He seemed to call me when he would drive home from work, solely to talk about all of his ideas and projects he's working on. I wasn't much of a phone person so it seemed a bit frustrating but he was a friend so I was fine with it.

As an aside, he always commented about finding women to "get laid" and while I was about it too, it wasn't something I'd always discuss with him. After awhile it got old. Additionally he cheated some of his ex girlfriends, did a lot of unethical computer stuff, and plagiarized a lot fo his way through high school and college.

Over the years I started to recognize that our relationship primarily turned into him calling me up to inform me about a new job he started and it's salary. I wasn't the most interested in that but I'd congratulate him for it.

Then I started to recognize a lot of weird things he'd do. He would lose his job and immediately go to Vegas and boast about his vacation on Facebook. I commented on his page about him losing his job and he deleted it, saying he didn't want others to know. Hed constantly post about "going on vacation" even while he was in the middle of law school, a university that he attended that was so new it wasn't even accredited. He racked up hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt yet would still boast about money, constantly show off his vacations, and hopped from job to job. He never kept a position for more than two years.

We'd often times meet up, but I noticed he would get sloppy drunk and constantly talk, make unfunny jokes, and try to be the center of attention. It was wearing on me, but I just had to write it off as that's what his personality was. Every time I'd see him he'd have something to brag about and I let it go.

More "one sided" conversations would happen and I started to recognize comments that he would laugh about that I felt were more insulting than anything else. One day I asked him what one of them meant (because it sounded insulting to me) and his response was "just a joke!" My patience was wearing thin. I told him to stop doing that.

Recently I went to an event and I hadn't heard from him in probably six months. I was in a crowd of people and he called. I texted back that I couldn't talk. He called again and I reiterated I couldn't chat that I was busy. I told him to text back.

"Big news! I'm making XXX money!"

I lost it with him. Not even a "how are you" or "what have you been doing lately?" An immediate launch into him and his money. I told him I wasn't interested in being someone to just gloat at and that I've said it multiple times. Additionally I reminded him that all of his previous positions he either quit because it wasn't enough money or he was fired from because he couldn't do the job, and his XXX job he probably wasn't likely to keep anyhow.

He apologized and I wished him a good night.

A few days later I recognized he blocked me on Facebook and LinkedIn. I texted him why and I never got a response. I guess that's it.

This guy just seemed to gradually transition into a used car salesman friend, show off the shiny things and hide the negative. Others that know him share the same kind of sentiments about him. I'm not interested in being used for someone seeking validation, so I'm done trying to accept him.

But part of me feels I was too harsh. We do have a long history together, but most of it is mired in his "me first" attitude.

AITA here?