title: AITAH for rejecting the names my stepdaughter suggested for my son because my husband and I know they're from her mom?

AITAH for rejecting the names my stepdaughter suggested for my son because my husband and I know they're from her mom?

My husband and his ex share custody of “Luna” (11). Their breakup years ago wasn’t pretty; my husband left and there’s paperwork to back up why. Since then, we’ve kept a strict boundary: all logistics go through the parenting app, no off-topic calls, no drop-ins. Luna is bright and kind, but sometimes she parrots things from her mom that feel pointed—like asking my husband to “prove” he still loves her by doing things that blur lines.

I’m 28 weeks pregnant with a boy. Luna’s reaction has been icy, and then suddenly she arrived brimming with name ideas… all from her mom’s favorite fandom. To be clear, I don’t hate the names on their own. I hate that it felt like a contest I didn’t sign up for. We told Luna we appreciated her list but we’re sticking to names we choose ourselves.

She got teary and said, “If you trust me, why won’t you trust me with this?” That stuck with me. We also had a nagging feeling: the ex keeps finding out details we share only in our house. So we did something I’m not proud of. We told Luna, and only Luna, that we’d “fallen in love” with a name—let’s call it “Rowan.” It wasn’t on our real list. We didn’t tell anyone else. We wanted to see if “Rowan” would magically show up in the ex’s orbit.

Three days later, my husband got a message on the app from the ex: “Rowan suits him. I knew Luna could help you finally make a decent choice. Please stick to it.” My stomach dropped. That name existed solely in a conversation with an 11-year-old. We’d caught the leak… but the “how” made me feel gross.

We sat down with Luna and told her we knew she told her mom about “Rowan.” She froze, then burst into tears and said we tricked her and made her feel like a spy. She admitted her mom told her to “keep pushing” certain names and to say she wouldn’t feel close to the baby if we didn’t go along. We told her we’re not mad at her—this is adult stuff—and that naming the baby is our job. We said we won’t use the fandom names and we won’t use “Rowan” either, partly because of the mess, partly because it was never real.

Now it’s a firestorm. Luna says she doesn’t want to be at the hospital because “you don’t trust me.” My in-laws think we created a loyalty test for a child and that we should have just said yes to one of her picks to make peace. I pointed out that caving teaches Luna that weaponizing “I won’t love the baby unless…” works. They countered that teaching her that we plant traps also damages trust.

I feel sick about all of it. We’ve apologized to Luna for the decoy and for putting her in a position where honesty felt like betrayal to somebody. We also explained why we can’t let her mom steer this decision through her. We offered alternatives for involvement—picking the first stuffed animal, helping decorate the crib corner, choosing a song for a video we’ll send her when he’s born. She said, “That’s not the same,” and went to her room.

We’ve since locked down baby info and we’re keeping the actual name under wraps until after birth because I can’t handle another round of chess. But I keep replaying it: did we cross a line with the decoy? Is rejecting Luna’s beloved fandom names when they’re clearly coming from her mom reasonable parenting, or are we making things worse by trying to outmaneuver an 11-year-old who’s stuck in the middle?

Idea:parents use a decoy baby name to identify who is leaking info to the ex