Title: AITAH because I'm frustrated our neighbors Autistic adult son steals our bottles and yard supplies...

As the title says, I am pretty fed up. Our neighbors have an adult son with Autism. He goes with a worker every day, is quite friendly for the most part. However, he has consistently come into our yard since we moved in, taken multiple snow shovels, regular shovels and rakes. He will put fallen branches into our backyard from theirs, he will move stuff around from our front yard to our backyard (we had a large tree branch break in high winds and spouse cut it up in the front to dispose of - neighbor moved it all to the backyard). He also comes and takes our bags of bottles. He has once opened our door to let our dog in because he doesn't like our dog. We have spoken to our neighbors about it. They have spoken to him. They have a sign on their gate saying not to come into the yard, we have a sign saying he isn't allowed to take our things. We have been nice about it until recently it's just really started to get on our nerves. He is definitely aware he isn't supposed to do it because he rushed in and out of our yard. AITAH? I feel like an asshole but at the end of the day he is stealing our stuff...

*Edit/update:

Spoke to his parent again. They had him come out and we all talked and she seemed very upset he is doing this still. We will monitor it... I will not be getting loud sirens, we already have a camera. We have a lock on the gate, our whole yard is fenced and a high fence, you cannot see into our yard. The shovels he has taken has been during winter - we are Canadian, we get a lot of snow, we have our shovels out in our fenced yard because we shovel daily. The bottles are up on our back deck in a bin. Our dog is young and small and too friendly and has gotten out by the neighbor not closing our gate all the way. We gave two small children. One of which is disabled themselves. We are trying to handle the situation calmly without escalation. This is not bait. I appreciate everyone's comments.