Title: AITA for not helping my parents during their financial troubles and telling them to get help from my sister instead since she gets everything from them and I get nothing?

My sister (21) and I (24) were raised differently by our parents. They would throw money at her whenever she wanted it and they would spend it even if she didn't ask for something, just because they could. I had to ask for everything and most of the time I had to justify why I needed my request met. And to do that I had to write or type out a detailed argument on why I should get any of their money. Most times I was denied because they didn't think it was a need. Whenever they denied me I got lectured on learning to work my ass off and learning how to beg just right and doing whatever it took for money only to be told afterward that I needed my own money because theirs was not for me.

When I was 16 my parents told me they would not help me with college in any way. They wouldn't even fill out FASA forms for me to find out what I was eligible for. When my guidance counselor asked them to reconsider they said no and if I wanted to go to college I would need to put myself through college and take on the debt myself.

My guidance counselor still wanted me to go and so did many of my teachers. But I chose to do something else. I didn't want a lifetime of debt to follow me around. My parents didn't care because either way I was expected to find my own way and pay for everything myself.

With my sister it was different. They bought her a brand new car, bought all kinds of stuff she wanted and liked, paid 100% of everything for her college expenses. They were even sending her extra money to buy stuff while she was attending college.

And now they have run out of money and they're in debt because they borrowed to pay more college expenses for her. Then they turned to me and asked for my help because they weren't sure if they could eat or pay any bills with the debt they are now in.

I didn't even get much of an explanation at first. But I have told them no each time and I told them to get my sister to help them since she's the one who gets everything from them anyway and I couldn't even get a stupid form signed by them.

They're mad about it and so is my sister who thinks I am wildly unfair to push this back on her. She said I'm older anyway so I should be helping them.

