Title: AITAH for not caring that my ex best friend is dying?

I recently found out that my ex best friend who I was best friends with since we were babies until 4 years ago has been diagnosed with terminal cancer and he has a few months left to live, and I don’t care.

4 years ago I was engaged to a girl who I thought was the love of my life, he was supposed to be my best man, I found out that they were having an affair for two years behind my back and they were planning on her marrying me and a year later she was supposed to file for divorce and ruin me financially so that they can get my house and money and be together. I confronted him about it and he said the divorce plan was my fiancé’s idea and that he just couldn’t help himself from falling in love with her. He tried apologising but I punched him and cut them both out of my life, he tried reconnecting multiple times with me and tried apologising but everytime I told him to go burn in hell, I hated him. They ended up getting married anyways

Last month his mom came and visited me, I haven’t seen her in years but she always loved me and treated me like a son so I was nice to her and invited her in, she said that she understands why I don’t talk to her son anymore and she swore on everything that what he did was despicable and that she never approved of their relationship or marriage, but she told me that he was recently diagnosed with terminal cancer. They never caught it before and there’s no point in fighting it it’s done he is going to die in less than a year. She said he begged to talk to me and apologise for everything before he dies, she said I don’t have to do anything but she begged me to think about it. And she left after that.

And I have thought about it, and honestly I do not care, it’s not really about my ex I don’t care about her anymore I’m now happily married with a much sweeter more genuine woman, it’s how he lied to my face for over two years and how fine he was with ruining my life, if I hadn’t discovered it before they’d have gone after everything I had and they’d probably be living in my house together right now.

He burned that relationship forever all by himself, I don’t actively hate him anymore like how I did back then I just don’t care about him at all, he’s a stranger to me now, when he dies it won’t be any different to finding out a stranger died, and I don’t feel bad for him at all.

Am I the asshole for this?

