Title: AITAH for rejecting the names my stepdaughter suggested for my son because my husband and I know they're from her mom?

My husband has an 11 year old daughter "Luna" with his ex "Paige". There was DV in my husband's relationship with Paige and he filed a police report when he finally worked up the courage to leave when Luna was 10 months old. No charges ever came to pass from the report but his injuries were documented at the hospital at the time. Because there was no charges pressed, when it came to custody of Luna a judge ordered 50-50 and didn't agree that Paige should lose any time with Luna over "accusations such as those".

I met my husband when Lana was 4 and I met Luna just before she turned 6. I knew going into our relationship that Paige was using Luna to try and control my husband. He didn't allow it and he is so good at keeping all contact through the parenting app and not engaging in drama. But sometimes Luna will come out with demands from her mom and say if my husband loved her or if he wanted her to be happy he'd do something. These can be things like spend the night at Paige's house to family days with the three of them.

It's not simple to navigate but my husband maintains firm boundaries and has Luna in therapy and he's had some tough conversations with her about her requests for him and Paige to spend time together and that they will not happen.

My husband and I are expecting a baby boy together. Luna has been very indifferent, boarding on negative about him. Then suddenly a few weeks ago she told us she had name ideas for her brother. All the names sounded like they were from her mom. Her mom named Luna (not her real name, all names are fake) after a character in a franchise she loves. The boys names Luna suggested were all from said franchise. The franchise isn't HP but they were as obvious as Harry, Ron and Draco as boy names would be. Then my husband saw messages between Luna and Paige where Paige was encouraging Luna to push the names and say she wouldn't love the baby if she couldn't name him, which she actually said. He saw these because Luna left the app page open on the family PC when she rushed outside to be with her BFF.

So we said no to using any of the names. We said we had a name in mind already (technically two but it's definitely between those). Luna said we shouldn't expect her to love the baby then and she stormed off. She told my husband's parents about it and they were mad at us for not doing everything to get her excited for her brother. They asked why I wouldn't tell my husband it doesn't matter who came up with the names first because Luna should feel included. I told them it only feeds Paige's want for control and our son's name is not being decided by the woman who assaulted their son. They told my husband he was being dumb and playing into Paige's hands and alienating Luna in the process.

I still disagree and I don't want our son to be given a name we don't love. But I have some hesitations over this too because Luna isn't Paige and if she does want them for any reason I wonder if saying no to them is pushing her away. It's so hard.

