Title: Aitah for giving my stepdaughter a reality check?

Me and my husband are in out late 30s and early 40s, he has a kid from a previous relationship who will call Abby, shes 16 and pregnant. From my understanding of the whole situation its her boyfriends who's 18 and In college and is refusing to answer her calls, she wants to keep the baby but thinks everyone is going to bend over backwards for her to do so. Everyone has told her multiple times that they aren't going to help her and that she will be on her own. Me and Abby have a decent relationship I met her 3 years ago when she was 14 and we have a civil relationship, she has a mom so I'm just dads wife to her mainly.

Recently she's been getting closer to me and trying to talk to me more, which was werid because normally when she does that she wants something. After around a week she got tried and told me what she wanted. She wants me to watch her kid during the day while shes in school. I told her no as I have my own two kids I have to watch (twins). She got upset and said she doesn't understand why when I had my kid people offered to help and did things for me and now that shes pregnant no one wants to help her and is making her do everything her self. I explained to her that my kids were rainbow babies and lot of people knew we struggled with fertility, and that me and her dad are adults and we had a plan, money, and a happy home for our kids and she has none of that. I explained that nobody is going to help her because she got herself here and she's going to have to act like an adult if she wants to keep her kid. She kept screaming and saying stuff about how its unfair and we need to support her and she needs help and lot of other stuff.

I told her go to someone else because no one in her family is going to help her and she got mad and kept yelling about the same thing. I told her to leave me alone and she didn't and went on talking about her life and how this pregnancy is making her parents and friends distant and how its not fair. I eventually got tried of her and told her that her mom thinks shes a disappointment and that no one has to help you because you got yourself here, if you want help ask the father and if u cant ask him them ask his family or something because no one is going to help you the way you expect them too.

She got mad and told her dad what I said, he got upset and said that it was too far and even if its right I shouldn't have said that. So aitah?

Note: she has a late birthday so thats why it's a 16 to 18 age gap she turns 17 in November.

The reason I told her what her mom thinks is because she was complaining about how her mom doesn't want her at the house, and yes her mom has told her before that she is a disappointment.

Edit: A lot of you are under the assumption that no one told her the options. They have multiple times she is choosing to keep this kid. Me and her dad told her that if she wants this kid she will need to get a job, and we told her how much it will cost to raise that kid, she just says okay and moves on. Another thing is we/ her parents do not know where his parents are, they have moved as they no longer feel the need to live in the school district. The boy is over 14 hours away at college and it seems the only way to contact him is to see him and me nor her dad is driving 14 hours away.